README.md, before:

# qp_plugins
A series of [Quantum Package  v2](https://quantumpackage.github.io/qp2) plugins

[![QP](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QuantumPackage/qp2/master/data/qp2.png)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QuantumPackage/qp2/master/data/qp2.png)

To download the plugins provided by this repo

Run the quantum package shell (`qpsh`).

And type the following command

```bash
qp plugins download https://github.com/mveril/qp_plugins/
```

[About Quantum Package external plugins](https://quantum-package.readthedocs.io/en/master/users_guide/plugins.html)

## Coupled Cluster

### About

Provide CCD and CCSD/CCSD(T) methods

It's work but I am working on improvements

### Install

```bash
qp plugins install CC
```

## About Quantum package

Quantum package is an extensible quantum chemistry software build on my lab

### Installation

You can download the source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/QuantumPackage/qp2)

It's **only available on GNU/Linux**. It's also possible to install it on Windows 10 using the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://aka.ms/wslabout) (you can find my blog post about WSL [here](https://mveril.github.io/posts/2019/03/wsl-part-1/)) **but it's not officially supported by the Quantum Package team**.

### More info
[Website](https://quantumpackage.github.io/qp2)

[Documentation](https://quantum-package.readthedocs.io/en/master/)

Commit message:

Add a sentence about the choose of CC mode in README.md

README.md, after:

# qp_plugins
A series of [Quantum Package  v2](https://quantumpackage.github.io/qp2) plugins

[![QP](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QuantumPackage/qp2/master/data/qp2.png)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QuantumPackage/qp2/master/data/qp2.png)

To download the plugins provided by this repo

Run the quantum package shell (`qpsh`).

And type the following command

```bash
qp plugins download https://github.com/mveril/qp_plugins/
```

[About Quantum Package external plugins](https://quantum-package.readthedocs.io/en/master/users_guide/plugins.html)

## Coupled Cluster

### About

Provide CCD and CCSD/CCSD(T) methods

It's work but I am working on improvements

### Install

```bash
qp plugins install CC
```
### Options

You can choose the method using the `cc_mode` variable of th EZFIO database
## About Quantum package

Quantum package is an extensible quantum chemistry software build on my lab

### Installation

You can download the source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/QuantumPackage/qp2)

It's **only available on GNU/Linux**. It's also possible to install it on Windows 10 using the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://aka.ms/wslabout) (you can find my blog post about WSL [here](https://mveril.github.io/posts/2019/03/wsl-part-1/)) **but it's not officially supported by the Quantum Package team**.

### More info
[Website](https://quantumpackage.github.io/qp2)

[Documentation](https://quantum-package.readthedocs.io/en/master/)
